---
name: mvp
start date: 2020-08-25
---

# cdk.dev - MVP

We want to build an initial website which serves a hub for the CDK ecosystem.

## Pages

### Landing Page - cdk.dev

- List AWS-CDK / CDK8s / Terraform CDK prominently on the landing page to emphasize CDK as ecosystem
- List upcoming events related to the CDK ecosytem
- List recent content related to the CDK ecosytem
- Provide access to communication channels (e.g. Slack)

### Content - cdk.dev/content

Content will primarily be:

- Blog posts
- Tweets

For each link, we'll display:

- A preview image (open graph / custom image)
- Title
- Teaser text
- Url
- Author
- Date
- Tags (e.. aws-cdk, cdk8s, cdktf, constructs, ...)

### Events

Events will primarily be:

- Individual Talks at conferences (e.g. AWS Community Day)
- Full Conferences (e.g. CDK Day)
- Meetup Talks
- Scheduled Livestreams
- Workshops

Things which should be listed:

- A preview image (open graph / custom image)
- Title
- Teaser text
- Url
- Author
- Scheduled Date
- Added Date
- Tags (e.. aws-cdk, cdk8s, cdktf, constructs, ...)

### CDKx

There should be one dedicated page for each member of the CDK family which serves as a filter for the main landing page

- cdk.dev/aws-cdk
- cdk.dev/cdk8s
- cdk.dev/terraform-cdk

### Tools

Already implemented in https://github.com/cdk-dev/website/pull/2

## Implementation

We should dogfood CDKs where possible. In this context, it's primarily the AWS CDK which would be used. @mbonig did create a AWS CDK based pipeline for OCF already. This could probably be recycled here.

We need a way to store content and events. While we could make funny low-code experiments, I think there's value doing it end2end in AWS.

### Data Storage

Probably DynamoDB tables for the `content` and `events`.

### API

I'd strongly suggest AppSync for all data fetching / writing operations, since it integrates very well with:

- DynamoDB
- Lambda
- Cognito

### Content Storage

- S3
- Cloudfront

### Frontend

[Amplify-js](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-js) seems to be the best choice, when fully buying in the AWS ecosystem anyway. Again, this works very well with Cognito and AppSync.

While the current landing page is built in Gatsby, there are a few drawbacks to use Gatsby going forward:

- There's not much actual static content which we want to display
- It requires builds in order to publish content
- Compared to other frameworks it seems more complex to add dynamic content
- The proper setup of Gatsby can be quite tedious

My current preference is Next.js to implement this. It seems to support all the features we'd want, in particular:

- Dynamic rendering
- Static pages if required
- Cachable via cloudfront@edge
- Easy amplify-js integration

### CSS Framework

I've been using [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/) recently and I'm quite happy with it:

- Easy to use syntax
- Easy copy & pasting of examples
- Wide variety of example components

### SEO Aspects

Every page should be indexable by Google et al. In addition, Open Graph metatags and images should be generated properly.
